Critical-Hit

Domain: yet to be decided but options are:
Critical-hit.solutions
Critical-Hit.community



Purpose of website:

The purpose of Critical Hit is to bring the community together, and provide resources for new and experienced players including, but not limited to:

-dungeons and dragons (all editions: 3rd,4th, and 5th)

-Pathfinder

-War Hammer

-and etc..

The site will be a multi function website including:

A forum( with user login):

The Newbie Den: a place for New players to ask the community for help.

The Hand Maiden: has two sub forums for posting wanted campaigns, and wanted players.
A place for newbies to find new and existing campaigns with new and experienced players
A place for experienced players to find existing or new campaigns with other experienced players

The Creative Corner with 3 subs:
A place to share character art
A place to talk mini's
A place to talk Story lines
(I might want to call this "The Workshop)

- In The Community: a place for users to post about community events related to gaming, comics, etc.

more to be added soon

The forum needs to be viewable under user login. We need to build the back-end framework for this.

How to get started:
The how to get started page will be filled with info on "how to get started", different stores in the Portland area, types of dice, versions of  the game(s)
Etc.

Roleplaying store:
Ideally I would like to get a few DM's in the Portland to write some short 3-5 hour campaigns for sale (price varies and negotiable). The idea of these campaigns would be to supply starter campaigns for groups of newbies to play without an experienced player. These campaigns should include:
directions on how to get started
4-5 pre-made characters for players to choose from in PDF form for usage on devices, and printable.
A full story written for the  New player DM to read from. Including instructions on how to do simple combat. W/ monsters stats built in.
We could include character and or campaign art as well as any other related items into the packages.

In the community:
A collection of stores that sell comic books, dice, manuals, etc

In addition, I would like to include a monthly calendar for  game nights at establishments (table top in gen) and any other community events open to the public.


On the web:
A collection of online and mobile resources for dice, character sheets, manuals, guides, minis, etc.  Including resources like roll20 and etc. For text based online gaming. 
